rm -f *.o test parallel_runner generate
g++ -std=c++20 -fopenmp generate_random_graph.cpp -o generate
finished graph with 131072 vertices
finished graph with 262144 vertices
finished graph with 524288 vertices
finished graph with 1048576 vertices
finished graph with 2097152 vertices
finished graph with 4194304 vertices
finished graph with 8388608 vertices
finished graph with 16777216 vertices
finished graph with 33554432 vertices
finished graph with 131072 vertices
finished graph with 262144 vertices
finished graph with 524288 vertices
finished graph with 1048576 vertices
finished graph with 2097152 vertices
finished graph with 4194304 vertices
finished graph with 8388608 vertices
finished graph with 16777216 vertices
finished graph with 33554432 vertices
finished graph with 131072 vertices
finished graph with 262144 vertices
finished graph with 524288 vertices
finished graph with 1048576 vertices
finished graph with 2097152 vertices
finished graph with 4194304 vertices
finished graph with 8388608 vertices
finished graph with 16777216 vertices
finished graph with 33554432 vertices
finished graph with 131072 vertices
finished graph with 262144 vertices
finished graph with 524288 vertices
finished graph with 1048576 vertices
finished graph with 2097152 vertices
finished graph with 4194304 vertices
finished graph with 8388608 vertices
finished graph with 16777216 vertices
finished graph with 33554432 vertices
